Updated the installation to use npx (#839)
zurb/foundation-emails: docs/pages/sass-guide.md

## Installing

> Run the Foundation CLI as a one-off command using [npx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx), it’s super easy to fire up a blank Foundation for Emails project. Move into the folder you store your projects in, and then run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the Foundation CLI as a one-off command using [npx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx), it's super easy to fire up a blank Foundation for Emails project. Move into the folder you store your projects in, and then run this command:
```

## Installing

We'll use [npx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx) to run the Foundation CLI to set up a new project. If you have npm version [https://github.com/npm/npm/releases/tag/v5.2.0](https://github.com/npm/npm/releases/tag/v5.2.0) or later, you already have npx, you can skip this first command.

```bash

> npm install --global npx

Reviewer: This is not really needed anymore.

```

If you run into any permission errors (EACCESS) on OS X or Linux, you can try prefixing the command with `sudo`.

```bash

> sudo npm install --global npx

Reviewer: Not needed.

## Running the Server

> After your project has been installed, run `cd project`, where `project` is the name of the project just created. Install the dependancies:

Reviewer: dependancies => dependencies

Author: Fixed
